Here is the plan. I have about 2 weeks left of my internship...there are things that I need to get done.

I've been learning a lot about myself over these few weeks. I've experimented with myself, trying out new things and testing things out—seeing how I respond to them and what feels right to me. 

I think the social media cleanse I took these past few months was good for me—it allowed me to really hone in on what is important to me. I achieved a lot of things: I improved my ability to think abstractly, I developed a good intuition on higher level dynamics principles, and I also developed a habit of reading daily—all things that will stick with me for my entire life.

I came into this internship with a lot of tension and stress. I for sure wasn't ready to jump into the internship. I was definitely not in the best shape to learn the most I could...be the most social...there were definitely lots of mistakes that I made that could've been easily prevented...if I was just smarter.

All that being said though, I think that I had a good summer. I spent some time learning real analysis, and that definitely helped me with my logic. I've been in the middle of reading *The Idiot* by Dostoevsky—it's taking a bit longer that I would like. I've noticed that I need to dedicate a solid chunk of my day—~4 hours or so to really dive into the book and focus. It's hard to allocate that much time to reading when I have so much to do...socializing, gymming, healing.

I've been consistent with lifting this summer and I'm really happy with that—I'm in great shape right and it feels great to be agile and quick on my feet playing pickleball and such.

So we have two weeks left...what to do? I have short term goals and long term goals. Let's do some planning:

### 2 more weeks in Peoria:

- [ ] Finish *The Idiot*
- [ ] Learn french grammar
- [ ] Finish CAT strong
- [ ] Get a return offer from CAT

### 2 weeks in PV:

- [ ] Neural Networks: Zero to Hero

### Fall Semester 2024

- [ ] school
	- [ ] math 444
	- [ ] ece 220
	- [ ] tam 470
	- [ ] chin 203
- [ ] math 220 prof
- [ ] SEM social chair

### Spring Semester 2024

- [ ] school
	- [ ] math 412
	- [ ] ece 391
	- [ ] phys 213/214
	- [ ] me 470
- [ ] SEM social chair

I need to email stephanie or set up a meeting with her abt taking ece 220...I need to get a spot in math 444...fuck the undergraduate office must be so annoyed with me rn...lmfao




